match with the cust id is it no obligor id and customer id are two different uh okay so obligor

id is basically the legal entity or the business that is associated with the corresponding card

exactly yeah okay so and what would be the exact user identifier that maps to that specific legal

entity is there any mapping that is there or how does that because I don't see a cust ID there

or is it something like a cust XRFID that we should use or

how do we link the tables actually so we have two tables that were

informed to us which is basically the customer 360

360, no, 360, customer demographics.

Demographic and commercial.

Customer commercial.

Is there a way you can show us any simulation or something?

See, those two tables are not for linking.

They are for two different use cases.

Oh.

I mean, you will not find any cross-reference or cross-validations you can do between both of them. One is for commercial demographic information.

One is for consumer demographic information.

If you want to pull consumer demographics, you use consumer table.

If you want the commercial demographics, use the commercial table.

If you want to ask for this given account number, who is the obligor,

then you go to the commercial table and get the obligor identifier for that particular account.

But if you say for this particular account number, what are the other card products or non-card products associated with this person?

Then you go to the consumer table and fetch the data.

Which is why you would find me and Rohit asking a lot of questions on what your use case is.

To be able to better advise which table helps serve you better, we need to understand more on what your use case is.

So, okay.

Yeah, Rajesh, please go ahead.

So, Rajan, if you want to get this payment-related uh details like which tables we can use c360 doesn't

store payment information we only store demographics no in if you want to i mean like

have informations about this payment failures so which tables we should able to refer it

when you say payment failures, can you explain more?

Like if the customer is trying

to pay the payment, like credit card bills.

Okay.

So if it get

failed.

So if let's say you are trying to pay

a credit card, okay, now

and failed, you won't understand

who is this person.

Yeah.

What are the other card products associated with this person?

Yes.

Then you go to the consumer demographics table.

Okay.

Okay.

Or if you say, hey, this seems like an open card.

What is the business for it?

What is a business identifier?

Who is the obligor for it?

Who is the counterparty for it?

What is a legal construct of this particular business?

All of that information you will get from the commercial table.

Okay.

So depending on whether you are talking about individual cards or open cards and corporate cards,

and what information you are trying to source

what table you have to use differs okay so one question uh so now if we are to link customer to

customer okay so okay let me let me take the example of what raj said right i think that is

the point where we are trying to start and we would like to understand what

tables to be used.

So now, for example, I am the person who has two cards.

One is my personal MX card and the other one is the corporate card.

Now if I have a corporate card, my assumption is we will have an obligor ID also associated

to it. Is my assumption is we will have an obligor ID also associated to it.

Okay.

Is my assumption right?

Yeah.

Yeah.

So now, if I am to search for a, if I am with respect to the identification that we are trying to do as a POC.

Okay. identification that we're trying to do as a poc okay if i am to identify myself right in the system

now i need to fetch the details of both

okay including the entity which my corporate card is linked to etc okay right so now uh i'm just

trying to ask what are the tables that are related to this just trying to ask what are the tables related to this? Yeah.

The tables, what are the tables that I should be connecting

or what are the tables from which I should be using the data

to gather this information?

You mean the obligate information?

Obligate plus the consumer.

Yeah, then both the tables.

You will get the obligure information from the commercial table and you will get the consumer

information from the consumer demographics table.

Okay, so basically commercial demographics and consumer demographics are the tables that

we should be looking at.

Yes.

Okay, so will they have a common link between them? If I say I find a customer ID in consumer table,

will I be able to find that consumer ID in the commercial table also?

No, right?

That's what you're saying.

They're mutually unrelated or unintersected tables.

To a large extent, yes.

Like, for example, see, you will still be able to consider an open account

or a corporate account, right?

You will still be able to an open account or a corporate account right you will

still be able to inquire commercial table with this information and you will still be able to

inquire the consumer table with the account number as key okay you inquire from the consumer you will

get hey um what is the first name

last name, DOB, gov doc ID, everything of this corporate card.

Okay.

Okay.

From the commercial table, you will get what is the business name,

what is the legal business name, what is the business ID,

what is the obligor ID for this,

what are the other relationships with the obligor,

the counterparty ID, all of that information you will get

from the commercial table.

Oh, okay.

So is it safe to say that we might have this account number to be a common thing between the booth?

Depending on, if you're talking about like BCA client ID or some information,

you won't find that on the consumer table.

Only for certain portfolios right you will be able to

find them common oh okay like like open cards right you'll find them common between both the tables

because open credit cards have both aspects of the business and the individual demographics

aspects of the business and the individual demographics. Oh, okay. So we will find records in both the tables then?

Yeah.

Okay.

Arjun, if you want to connect this risk patterns to this knowledge graph like which tables we need to consider

that would be the CFR ODR tables we don't have anything to do with that okay

so I mean like at a customers 360 I mean we have entire things in this demographic table.

Customer 360 is mostly demographics, income, occupation, information like that.

Risk patterns would be with the CFR, ODL team.

So Rajesh then I think for the POC on identity resolution I think we will have to look at the commercial demographics and consumer demographics table.

Yeah.

So Rama just can you check with them like I mean how to, I mean whatever, what we have

extracted is in the right way or not.

Yeah.

So, Arjun and Rohit, we actually had extracted some details on the E2 table.

Okay. extracted some details on the e2 table okay so let me quickly share my screen

so

yeah so just wanted to understand we still see keys like this auth officer to national ID

is this how the key looks like even needed

this doesn't look this is a NAT ID right

a NAT ID yeah that's an auth officer to NAT ID auth officer a NAT ID, right? A NAT ID, yeah. Auth officer to NAT ID.

Auth officer to NAT ID.

This looks more encrypted information.

Okay.

This is commercial table, right?

This is from commercial table, I think, yes.

Yeah.

Do you have anything from the consumer?

Whichever you call.

Consumer table, I don't think we... Let's take a look at the name data if you have anything.

We have this business something. Business address decrypted.

Yeah, that seems that looks a little bit decrypted data itself.

Yeah, that seems that looks a little bit decrypted data itself.

Okay.

That is the deep?

Yeah, decryption is working as expected. Just check that if there is any IIQ associated with that NAT ID

and if you have access to it.

Because you're saying this is E2 data,

it's really hard to say which market you pulled it from

and all of that, right?

And I don't even know if you have the NAT ID type

documented here, right?

You just have the NAT ID, right?

With this, I'm not able to say

if it's a decrypted value or not.

Get the NAT ID type also in your query.

That will tell you whether it is an SSN,

whether it is a passport or something,

and that will add more context

to verify if this is present.

If not, I would recommend you get access

to the respective Lumi IAQ

associated with GovDoc ID,

and that should help you validate.

If you do not have that access,

then yeah, decrypted value also will not will also

come up as encrypted itself right so okay yeah that's what was it what was it no sorry i missed

that word uh what you're saying nat id type okay nat id type yeah that's an additional column. It'll be right next to the table itself.

Okay.

@idtype, I don't know if it is there in this.

I mean, we tried to do that.

@idtype says...

Yeah, it looks like you do not have access, right?

That's why you're getting it so check get

the access is associated with this one okay once one uh simple query so today i was trying to

actually check for our service id if we have access so if you can see this

This was for auth officer 5 NAT ID column.

Okay.

The actual encrypted value looked like this.

After decryption, it looked like this.

So does this mean, I don't know.

Just want to check it.

Yeah, then it seems more legit that, you know,

whatever value you have in the table is more or less like that.

Try to get me a couple of samples.

I'll cross-validate it from my end as well and confirm back to you.

Okay, sure.

We'll send a cross in that group, yeah.

Yeah, no problem.

So that's the reason that we are asking for some data records from you

so that we can be able to compare and see what we are doing is right or wrong. I understand.

Yeah.

We are missing something.

And another one more thing, Aljun, like as you told that the risk-related things, it's

for CFR team.

Is there any connections of the link established between the CFR and Customer 360?

Very busy.

As usual. 360? Very busy. As you, Shabal.

CFR and customer ID.

It will be based on the key parameters like account number.

They take a lot of data from us, like our demographics,

the account info, and customer identifier,

which are all key and critical attributes.

Okay.

So they'll serve as a common reference points between both the tables.

So the common keys could be the CM11, CM13, CM15

or other numbers?

Yeah.

Okay.

So all the audience levels, basically.

The audience levels could be the actual joining

keys, right?

Yeah.

Okay.

And one more question, Rajesh and I had this doubt, right?

The some, okay, let me put the query like this. in consumer consumer demographics and commercial demographics

for a specific user or a specific

legal entity will we be having

only one entry or

per card product will be having one entry

per card product

you will have one entry

per card product

there is

another table which will give you

customer level demographics but that will not have

product information that will tell you who is the customer what is the best identified information

of that customer it won't give you product references if you want product references what

two tables you have is the best okay what is that consumer uh which has the details of only the consumer

um it's called the customer customer entity table okay customer 360 entity demographics

entity demographics okay but i don't know at this point if it's okay

any value because it will not have any 37 numbers or any account numbers or anything.

Okay. Okay. Okay. So but this has the unique custody that is used in the consumer table.

Yeah. Okay. So, so just one query. If so the Okay, okay, you're seeing one entry per product, right?

Okay.

So there could be same customer ID, multiple products linked to the same obligor ID as

well.

That scenario is also possible.

Yes.

Yeah.

Multiple companies can have the same obligor, right?

So.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

So. Guys, I'm late for another call

by 5 minutes I'll be happy to

support with more questions but can we

meet later in time and Rohit

is in

India so if we can have this connects a little

early in the morning it'll be much better

oh ok so maybe that Rohit was also

in the US

I don't one last question.

No worries, no worries.

Yeah, I think most of your questions Arjun can handle

if there is any need on the data.

Like, my team looks into the matching aspect of Individual 360.

So, yeah, just feel free to reach out

and we can share like samples over to you.

Okay?

Yeah, Arjun, one last thing.

Can you give us a POC, Rohit?

Someone in the...

We can connect with Rohit.

I mean, after discussing with Arjun.

Maybe Arjun has to...

So I will just ask one last thing.

Arjun, like, do you have any use cases

which is not solved currently?

For customer 360.

Yeah, that's the reverse question I wanted to ask you.

Yes, you people are looking on this,

so you might be knowing, like,

what is the gap you have with now?

I mean, this, the concept of Customer 360

has existed for a good over 20 years.

So all the matching parameters,

rules and everything

have been refined for a very long while.

Okay.

I'll let Rohit take a stab at that

if anything is marked as pending

or not available.

So, Rajesh, the way I would put

it is like our data

quality standards have not been up to the

mark.

Okay.

In a sense like

as well as like the business process

some examples. So an

example is like when you

apply a supplementary card

your SSN

your

address

form that

you used to

fill for

applying a

basic card

may not

ask for a

complete date

of birth

it might

just ask

for a year of birth.

Okay.

So,

so those sort of

data challenges

or data quality issues

do exist.

Like in an

in an SBS

sort of a card,

you,

you might,

like,

people could give

their business address,

people could

home address

and they might not be

copied in the right

sort of field,

right?

Okay.

I have different fields for uh home address

business address but it still might be there in any of the fields so it's not as reliable

people could give po boxes as their addresses if they're using one so again not as reliable

so there are those data quality challenges as well as like the business processes that were set up may not be as appropriate.

And hence we are working with all of those nuances.

And we have come up to a framework where our individual matching today is 99% plus accurate.

Okay.

99% plus accurate.

Okay.

Like 99.1 or 99.2 is the exact quoted number.

So don't quote me

on the exact number,

but like it's 99%,

not of 99%.

So, but still the 1% gap

is a big enough gap.

Like if you have

a hundred million customers,

a 1% gap is essentially

like 10 million customers.

So could be, oh, sorry, it's 1 million customers.

So 1 million customers could be essentially over or underlinked, right?

So we're just trying to kind of navigate through all of those things

because it's not humanly possible to validate each and every record.

So there are aspects to matching from a perspective of that data needs to be improved from a remediation

standpoint, as well as like matching framework needs to evolve from a perspective of doing

better matching with the data that is available to us.

Okay.

So that's all of the context here.

So, may I know what kind of techniques or algorithms you are using to do this matching?

So I have just joined the team three months back.

Okay.

The team has been using

string matching, fuzzy

string matching algorithms

to match

fields like address,

fields like name, fields

like

SSNs.

And then using these codes,

they have come up with a

rule set.

So it says, And then using these codes, they have come up with a rule set. Okay.

So, which says like if let's say name is 95% plus matching,

the date of birth is exactly the same, your SSN is exactly the same.

It's the same individual.

Okay.

So, if someone...

of those fields are blank then we look at probably more signals and say okay if if the name is 95%

plus address is the same ssn is missing but uh mobile phone number and email are the same so

it's the same person so again match so it's a rule set which is used uh what i am working on at the moment are we're trying out a gradient boosting

model

on this. So rather

than just leveraging

a rule set based framework, can we

have like a machine learning model do this

match for us?

Then we are also leveraging

AI.

So, I mean like, this is the batch processing ask them to compare oh it is not a batch processing

it is so so think of this like it it works it's an ongoing production process so anytime anybody applies for a card okay it I for a card and you

already have an existing relationship we need to know at the time of application

because if you are an existing customer we might already have all of your

credit to match you as a customer, decisioning becomes easier for us.

Alternatively, you can always go and change your details, right?

You can go on to...

Yeah, right, right.

So, okay.

So this is the one.

So what is the accepted latency here?

We are unable to hear him?

Ah, yeah.

Can you hear me?

Yeah, Rohit, can you hear me? Yeah, Rohin, can you hear me?

No, I can't hear you.

Yeah, okay, I was just calling out like if there is a, so you understand at the time of setup?

Maintain request? Maintain request is that essentially if somebody changes something by calling into the call center or going onto their MICA profile on the web and changing details like change their address or they can

change their name in case of marriages, like female changes, change their name.

So could be all of those scenarios.

In that case as well, it is re-triggered as a production process.

And then it matches to the best candidate keys

and identifies whether there is a best match available

to create the customer ID.

If not, a new customer ID is assigned to the person.

Okay.

Okay, so there is no batch process as such unless there is a one-time load exercise or

something that needs to be corrected in the back book.

Most of it is a production process depending upon where there is a setup request or a maintained

request.

Okay, so what is the latency, I mean, accept the latency for this identification oh it's less than i think 0.03 seconds

because real-time decisioning it cannot uh take a lot of time so currently you're having 0.03 seconds

um again don't quote me on the numbers i'm new to the team but it's it's to the tune of that number itself yes okay yeah

it's a fraction of a second for sure because it cannot take longer when you are submitting an

application we can't hold you that we are still identifying to identify you that's not what can

happen right that will be a bad customer experience. So what is the

machine you are using for this

resolving this identity?

What is a machine?

So it's a

couch-based infrastructure.

Is it BigQuery

or is it Cornerstone

or do you guys have something on top of this which acts as a proxy?

It's a couch-based system on which this exists today.

Okay.

And the API is run on that to kind of do this matching.

My team is specifically responsible for the data science aspect of it,

the matching, like what should be the algorithm,

what should be the framework, rules, like can we do a model?

I am not as much close to the product aspect of it.

That is where Arjun and team, Arjun and Sumit come in.

Like they can explain you like the product answers of it.

I can talk data about it, Like what are the issues in data?

What matching frameworks do we use?

Like today we use a fuzzy matching algorithm like Jaro-Winkler.

We also use something like a Jaccard framework.

But can we do better than Jaro-Winkler?

The answer is yes.

From a fuzzy matching algorithm standpoint.

So what that algorithm should be, that is what my team decides.

Have you tried that one with

Jacquard?

Yeah, yeah. We use

Jacquard, we use Levinstein, we

use Jaro Winkler,

we use phonetic

matching. We have multi

of those available.

So yeah, but these are all string matching algorithms.

So you can match strings based on this.

And then eventually, if you use these algorithms,

based on these codes, you still have to come up with a rule set.

Because string matching can compare names.

It can compare addresses.

But the rule set then will say the name is same,

the address is same, and so on and so forth. So we are just evaluating what are the other techniques. I

think that is where you guys are also coming in.

Yeah. Actually, now I am getting it Rohit. Like Sumit was addressing this issue. This is currently what you are trying to solve, right?

Right, right.

So the issue, let me put it this way.

So identity matching, there are essentially two issues that can occur, right?

One is an over-linkage, one is an under-linkage. Over-linkage is, I, through my matching rules,

linked Rama and Rajesh.

Something happened and we linked two individuals together.

Now, this is a bigger issue from a privacy standpoint.

Which standpoint?

From a privacy standpoint,

like we can't expose like Rajesh, your details to Rama

or alternatively.

Right.

So over-linkage is a big issue.

It's a big operational risk.

Yes.

Then the other issue would be that our matching is so loose

that Rohit applied for two cards

and we assigned two different

customer ideas to do that okay right now this is an issue but may not be as much of a privacy risk as

as much as a decision risk uh like risk from a uh fraud perspective could be high rovit did a fraud

on his first card applied again i could not identify him so he can did a fraud on his first card, applied again. I could not identify him, so

he can do a fraud again. So again, it's a big risk for the business. So from a matching

standpoint, we have to balance out between over and under linkage. What we call as false

positives and false negatives. So we have to manage because matching can never be 100 accurate

primarily just because the data quality is not always 100 accurate and even if we are improving

quality controls on the latest data we are 150 year old company right so the back book would

always have some nuances to it right so so we can be at 99.9, but

achieving 100 is tough.

But 99.9, when

we say, we are

there from an overlinked standpoint.

So we have,

what we have done in the US

is

We have two identifiers.

One is a customer ID.

One is a deterministic ID.

Okay.

Customer ID is a probabilistically matched ID.

Wherein if Rohit Ahuja or and there is another person Rohit Ahuja.

I would probabilistically match if their national ID is matching.

Date of birth is the same.

I can safely assume that Rohit and Rohit is a typo.

I can possibly assume the same customer ID.

But deterministically, they may not match.

Because we are not 100% sure.

Rohita could be a female.

And this happens.

Like we have seen cases where we had Ankit Yadav and Ankitayadav.

Because the name matching for them would be very high schools

to this. Right? And they were

linked. But essentially

they are two different people.

So deterministically

when we match, we

want everything to be accurate.

Which is SSN should be the same, the name should

be the same, the date should be the

same. Again,

I'm just oversimplifying things.

Based on the nuances and data, we have come up with a set of rules. There are a set of

five to six rules that run and deterministically match. But at least when we are matching that,

we are 100% sure it is the same individual. So we are not creating any overlinkages. But when you do that,

we are increasing underlinkage in the system.

Right?

Because probabilistically, if you are matching something,

there is a very high chance it is the same individual.

But because all the data is not the same,

deterministically, we are not matching there.

So that's all the background of C360 and the matching that goes behind.

I am not fully privy to like how knowledge graphs work and how they can help.

So that is why all of those questions were coming to you guys.

Like, what is it that is trying to change?

I mean, what context we have is like what you have explained now.

So in order to solve with somebody, they apply for a new card and if the data is linking with

the existing customer details, then we have to create a relationship between them.

So that's what like this

already happens today.

Right? So it's not that

it's not happening. So

that is why I think there were so many questions

from Arjun and me. Like

do you guys fundamentally believe

that if we move away from

couch base and a set of

rules and we move to a knowledge graph sort of a solution, would this be a better solution?

Right?

Yeah.

I think that is what the conversation would be around.

Yeah, then it has to be like comparison between the existing rules or

techniques with respect to the knowledge graph.

Exactly.

Rogit, do you have some

training

data set for this?

Unfortunately, no.

That is the biggest challenge

in moving to a model

because we don't have

tagged accounts. We can't go and check from our

customers are we tagging you correctly or not. No, then how are you arriving at this 99%?

It's based on manual validation of a sample of records. So you may be having this manual validated records, right?

Yes, those are available, but those would be very small volumes.

Not enough to train a good model, like possibly a thousand.

Just for testing purpose, we can have it, right?

Oh, yes, for sure.

For sure, yes.

Just can you share that one like and we will see like whether

through knowledge graph we will be able to solve that

I mean

so how how are you thinking about testing it?

Like the knowledge graph, does it identify the same people?

Yeah.

It is connecting with the same people.

Like without having this, I mean, like over-connecting or under-connecting.

But it's tough to say then as well. No, manually validated the data set.

We can able to explain those things.

This has to be linked and this should not be linked.

Yeah, so exactly.

See, we are okay to share the data.

And it will be good if you could share some context around like

how would the knowledge graphs work and how it will solve.

And that's where we'll be able to provide you more additional information

because generally, like I said, the issue that we are facing

is the corner cases.

So if you understand like if you are already 99.2, 99.3% accurate,

these are coroner cases that we are missing.

So what are those coroner cases?

The coroner cases are, think of family relations, father-son relations.

Robert Downey, Robert Downey Jr.

Living at the same address.

One person has an SSM, the other person has an SSM missing.

Do you link them? Do you not link them?

Right?

It could be twins with very similar names.

Rohit Ahuja, Mohit Ahuja, same date of birth, same address.

One has a national ID, the other has the national ID missing.

Mm-hmm.

The national ID cannot be same, right?

For both.

Ideally, it cannot be same, but it can be missing, right?

Like, ID tech quality standards were not as high in the past.

So, SSN was not the most...

It wasn't a mandatory field back then, right?

So, unless we solve for that, like, by remediating

or asking the customer about their national ID,

you can't really take a decision because string matching will give a very high score to Rohitahuja versus

Rohitahuja right so yeah that's what like the knowledge graph can solve this kind of

problems like who is the father and who is the son and where they live okay if they both

lives like then we can even have same address.

So those kinds of connections

we can able to establish in knowledge graph.

And we can trace back.

Yeah, so I didn't,

that is where our leadership would have discussed.

Yeah, right, right.

Can we evaluate knowledge graphs

and see if this performs better?

Yes.

That's my understanding of the context that we have been discussing.

Yeah, this is the problems we are trying to solve.

Okay, my question, like I'm okay to share the data,

that is not a problem, but my question essentially would be,

do you believe like it will be better than the LLMs as

well which is almost equivalent to saying a person is manually reviewing two records.

No but the LLM I mean like it has its own limitations

like you cannot like solve some complex, find out complex relations.

To some extent, yeah, it will.

But this will be having a deterministic linkage between like person to person and why it is.

And those things are just like predefined paths.

Okay, it has to go that way.

But LLM, it's again a probabilistic in nature, right?

So it will predict like what will be the next

and what is that if you are going to ask for a classification problem,

again it will be a probability-based output.

It's a probability-based output.

Yeah, but whereas this knowledge graph will be of more of a deterministic thing. Deterministic thing in the terms of relationship, how this one person is related

to other person, like what are the connections between them. So, those traversals can happen,

like it can travel like multiple hops, like maybe two hops or three hops and see how this linking has happened.

Okay. Okay, that's fair. So you guys can try that out. I believe you already have access

to both of the Loomi tables. So I'm not sure like exactly what is needed.

from my team from a data standpoint

perspective.

If you want us to validate whether

your encryption and decryption is working fine,

we can work towards probably

checking out 10-15 records.

Yeah, that is one thing.

Yeah, that is one thing,

Rohit. Another one is

like as we discussed now,

that is like the manually

tagged or manually verified

data is there, right?

Whether it has to be linked or whether it's not linked.

Yeah, that thing can talk.

Yeah, those things.

Manually validated in that, yeah, we can share that with you. Okay.

Actually, we're just looking at some valid values in the columns, right, so that we can actually

mentally map ourselves on how the data looks and how

can we solve so currently currently that perspective on the e2 data we are not getting

e2 data yeah it would not be that accurate it would be a test environment is what I'm understanding. Yeah. So.

Okay.

So do you have access to E3 data or no?

E3 data per se, since we are already, Ida is a batch platform that runs models and everything.

I think as a service ID, I think there were some modelers who had requested it.

Okay. So I think they have it for, I think there were some modelers who had requested it. Okay.

So I think they have it for some tables, not for all.

But we are not sure.

Okay.

Yeah.

See, I, like I said, I am new to the team and this is all like privacy sensitive data.

You can understand this is all PII that we are working with.

Let me just check on what is the best way to.

Sorry about that.

But what is the best way to kind of provide this data to you guys?

Okay, what if there are any approvals specifically needed?

And that is why Arjun would have been looped in because he can help kind of get this done.

My team can help you like answering any specific questions on the data

or any specific data requirements.

Like we discussed, the manual tag accounts,

my team can help you provide.

But I think because you guys are in the US,

just work with Arjun in terms of

what is the best way for you to source this data.

Okay.

And accordingly, whatever comes to my team,

I'll share it with you guys.

So that should not be an issue.

So we are in India only.

We are based out of Bangalore.

Oh, okay.

Perfect.

Then though we should connect in the morning.

My team can probably help get some information. But again, I think we would

need some sort of approvals for you guys to kind of have access to this data. That's my understanding,

but again, I could be wrong or take it with a pinch of salt. I'm new to the team. Okay.

Yeah, that's fine.

We can share some

emails to get the approvals if it is needed.

Yes.

If there's any IAQ or something that you have

you do pass it across,

we can raise it for us

or ourselves.

Okay.

Yeah.

Yeah, then we'll connect tomorrow in the morning.

Yeah.

Yeah, okay.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. connect tomorrow in the morning yeah yeah yeah okay yeah okay thank you guys thank you How did he match?

I didn't know that.

I didn't know that.

I didn't know how to match.

I didn't know how to match.

I didn't know how to generate data.

I didn't know if we generate data. We can't get data.

But if we tell Gautam,

we have access to AQ.

No.

I was told you first,

that we have access to decryption and access.

If you ask that,

you have value.

You have to say that, you have to say that, problem

the

the

the